Gemini

2.5 Pro


PRO



Conversation with Gemini
i aready restarted it C:\Users\rites\AlturaAI\server-backend>node server.js

[dotenv@17.2.0] injecting env (4) from .env (tip: ⚙️  suppress all logs with { quiet: true })

(node:25588) [DEP0040] DeprecationWarning: The `punycode` module is deprecated. Please use a userland alternative instead.

(Use `node --trace-deprecation ...` to show where the warning was created)

Server is running on port 3001




Show thinking
Thank you for confirming that the server is running. Seeing that Server is running on port 3001 message is the correct first step.

Since the server is running but the browser extension still can't connect, the problem is almost certainly not in the code itself, but in the environment on your computer. The most common cause for this is a firewall.

Your computer's firewall (like Windows Defender) can sometimes block applications like Node.js from accepting network connections, even from your own machine. Let's test this theory.

Step 1: Test the Server Directly
Open a new tab in your regular Chrome browser (not the extension).

Navigate to this exact URL: http://localhost:3001/api/test

You should see a simple page with the text: {"message":"Hello from the AlturaAI backend!"}

Please tell me what you see when you go to that URL.

If you see the message: The server is working and accessible, and the issue is specific to the extension's environment.

If you see an error page (like "This site can’t be reached"): This confirms that something on your computer, most likely a firewall, is blocking the connection.






Cannot GET /api/test



Show thinking
That's a very helpful error message! "Cannot GET /api/test" is an error coming directly from your backend server.

It means that your server is running (which is great!), but it doesn't have a route defined to handle a request to /api/test. It seems that in one of our previous updates, that specific route was accidentally removed.

I will provide the corrected and complete server.js file that includes the /api/test route along with all the other features we've built. Please replace the entire contents of your server-backend/server.js file with this new code.
server-backend/server.js
17 Jul, 20:30

Open

After you replace the code in your server.js file, please stop your server (Ctrl + C) and restart it (node server.js).

Then, you can go to http://localhost:3001/api/test in your browser, and you should see the success message. This will confirm your backend is fully operational.





yup its giving hello message



Show thinking
Excellent! Seeing that "hello message" confirms that your server is running correctly and your browser can connect to it.

Now that we know the server is working, please go back to your extension popup and try clicking the "Login with Google" button again.

The connection errors should be gone, and the login process should now start correctly.






yup auth is working



Show thinking
That's fantastic news! Having persistent authentication working with Firestore is a huge step forward and makes AlturaAI a much more robust application.

You've now completed the entire "Summarize Page" and "Draft Email" features, backed by a real database.

The next logical step in our project plan is to start Phase 3: Adding More Integrations. The first feature on that list is "Watch GitHub PR changes."

This will involve:

Setting up a GitHub App or OAuth App to get credentials.

Creating a backend endpoint that can receive webhook notifications from GitHub whenever a Pull Request is updated.

Displaying those notifications in your extension's UI.

Are you ready to start setting up the GitHub integration?






but now i am not able to see the email draft adn summarize btn there



Show thinking
Of course. It sounds like the UI of your extension isn't displaying the action buttons as expected.

The code you have selected in the Canvas is for your backend server (server.js), which is working correctly. The visibility of the buttons is controlled by your frontend code, specifically the extension-frontend/src/App.jsx file.

It's likely that the App.jsx file has an older version of the code. I will provide the most up-to-date version that includes all the buttons and the correct logic to display them when you are logged in.

Please replace the entire contents of your extension-frontend/src/App.jsx file with the code below.
extension-frontend/src/App.jsx
17 Jul, 20:34

Open

Your Next Steps:
Replace the code in extension-frontend/src/App.jsx.

Delete the dist folder.

Run npm run build.

Reload the extension.

After you log in, the popup should now correctly display both the "Summarize Page" and "Draft Email" buttons.





ok but i want to tell u that its taking good amt of time to generate mail draft



Show thinking
You are absolutely right. That's a very good observation.

The "Draft Email" feature takes longer than "Summarize" because it's a two-step process on the backend:

First, it sends the page content to the Gemini AI to generate a subject and body. This API call takes a few seconds.

Then, it takes that AI-generated response and makes a second API call to Google's servers to create the draft in your Gmail account.

While we can't make those external servers respond faster, we can definitely improve the user interface to give you better feedback so you know it's working.

Right now, the button just says "Drafting...". I can update the UI to show a more descriptive message like "AI is generating content, then saving to Gmail..." so it's clearer what's happening during the wait.

Would you like me to make that change to the UI code?






no its fine.Now whats the next step



Show thinking
Excellent. It's great that everything is working as expected.

The next major step in our project plan is to begin Phase 3: Adding More Integrations. The first feature on that list is "Watch GitHub PR changes."

This is a more advanced feature that will make AlturaAI feel truly proactive. To do this, we first need to register AlturaAI as an application with GitHub, just like we did with Google. This will give us the credentials we need to interact with the GitHub API.

I will now provide the step-by-step instructions for creating a GitHub OAuth App.
GitHub OAuth App Setup Instructions
17 Jul, 20:46

Open





i have updated env



Show thinking
Excellent. Now that you've configured your GitHub OAuth App and updated your .env file, the next step is to add the authentication logic to your backend server.

This involves adding two new routes: one to start the GitHub login process and another to handle the callback from GitHub after the user authorizes the app.

I will now provide the updated code for your server.js file.
server-backend/server.js
17 Jul, 20:53

Open

What's New:
node-fetch: We need to add this package to make server-to-server API calls to GitHub.

New GitHub Routes:

/api/auth/github: Generates the correct authorization URL for GitHub.

/api/auth/github/callback: Handles the callback from GitHub, exchanges the temporary code for a permanent access_token, and saves it to Firestore.

Firestore Update: The code now saves Google and GitHub tokens separately in the user's document.

Auth Status Update: The /api/auth/status route now checks for both Google and GitHub login status.

Your Next Steps:
Stop your server (Ctrl + C).

Install the new dependency by running: npm install node-fetch@2 (we need version 2 for compatibility with this setup).

Replace the code in your server-backend/server.js file.

Restart your server (node server.js).

Your backend is now ready to handle GitHub authentication. The next step will be to add a "Login with GitHub" button to your extension's UI.





next step



Show thinking
Of course. Your backend is now ready to handle GitHub authentication.

The next step is to update your frontend to add a "Login with GitHub" button and display the new login status. This requires updating both your background.js script and your App.jsx UI component.

First, here is the updated code for your background.js file. It's now set up to handle the more detailed status from the backend.
extension-frontend/src/background.js
17 Jul, 20:56

Open

Next, here is the updated code for your App.jsx file. It now displays separate login buttons and statuses for Google and GitHub.
extension-frontend/src/App.jsx
17 Jul, 20:56

Open

Your Next Steps:
Replace the code in extension-frontend/src/background.js.

Replace the code in extension-frontend/src/App.jsx.

Delete the dist folder.

Run npm run build.

Reload the extension.

You should now see separate login buttons for Google and GitHub. When you log in with each service, its status should update to show that it's connected.





yeah after clicking its saying that github is connected



Show thinking
That's fantastic news! It's a huge accomplishment to have two separate OAuth flows (Google and GitHub) working and saving data to your Firestore database. Your application's foundation is now incredibly solid.

Now that you are authenticated with GitHub, we can start building the actual feature: "Watch GitHub PR changes."

This will be a bit different from our previous features. Instead of you clicking a button to pull information, we will set up a webhook. This means GitHub will automatically push a notification to our backend server whenever a Pull Request is created or updated in a repository you choose.

The first step is to create a new endpoint on your backend server that can receive these webhook notifications from GitHub.

Are you ready to create the new webhook listener on your server?






yes tell me



Show thinking
Of course. Let's create the webhook listener on your backend server.

This new endpoint will be a special URL that GitHub can send messages to. For now, its only job will be to receive the notification from GitHub and log it to the console so we can see that it's working.

I will now provide the updated code for your server.js file.
server-backend/server.js
17 Jul, 20:59

Open

What's New:
New /api/github/webhook Endpoint: This is a POST route designed to listen for messages from GitHub.

Special Body Parser: The server setup now includes a special middleware to handle the raw JSON body from GitHub. This is important for security verification later.

Logging: For now, the endpoint simply logs the event type and some details about the pull request to your server's console.

Your Next Step:
Replace the code in your server-backend/server.js file with the code above.

Restart your server (node server.js).

Your backend is now ready to receive webhook notifications. The next step will be to go to your GitHub OAuth App settings and tell it to send events to this new URL.





i have updated server.js



Show thinking
Excellent. Your backend server is now ready to receive webhook notifications from GitHub.

The next step is to configure GitHub to send those notifications to your server. However, your server is currently running on localhost, which is a private address on your computer that GitHub's servers on the internet cannot reach.

To solve this, we will use a free tool called ngrok. It creates a secure, public URL that temporarily forwards all traffic directly to your local server.

I will now provide the instructions to set up ngrok and configure your GitHub webhook.
Configuring Your GitHub Webhook with ngrok
17 Jul, 21:18

Open





D:\ngrok-v3-stable-windows-amd64>ngrok config add-authtoken

ERROR:  accepts 1 arg(s), received 0




Show thinking
Of course. That's a very common error, and it has a simple solution.

The error message ERROR: accepts 1 arg(s), received 0 means that the command is expecting you to provide the actual token, but it didn't receive one.

You need to copy your personal authtoken from the ngrok dashboard and paste it directly after the command.

Here's how to fix it:

Go to the ngrok Dashboard > Your Authtoken page.

Copy the token they provide.

Go back to your terminal and type the command again, but this time, paste your token at the end, like this:

Bash

ngrok config add-authtoken <YOUR_AUTHTOKEN_HERE>
After you run the command with your actual token, it will be saved to your configuration file, and you'll be all set to run the ngrok http 3001 command next.






but my ngrok is in windows D and the whole project is in windows C



Show thinking
That's a great question, and it's not a problem at all!

ngrok is a standalone program. It doesn't need to be in the same folder or even on the same drive as your project. It simply forwards internet traffic to a port on your local machine (localhost:3001).

Here's what you need to do:

Keep your Node.js server running in its terminal (on the C: drive).

Open a new, separate terminal.

In that new terminal, switch to your D: drive by typing:

Bash

D:
Navigate to the folder where you unzipped ngrok. For example:

Bash

cd ngrok-v3-stable-windows-amd64
Now, run the ngrok command from there:

Bash

ngrok http 3001
As long as your Node.js server is listening on port 3001, ngrok will be able to find it and forward the traffic correctly, no matter which drive it's running from.






Which events would you like to trigger this webhook? Select "Let me select individual events." Then, in the list that appears, uncheck "Pushes" and check the box for "Pull requests". in this cant i select more like pushed commits




Show thinking
Of course. That's an excellent question.

Yes, you absolutely can select more events. The list GitHub provides is a menu of everything you can be notified about.

You can check the box for "Pushes" in addition to "Pull requests". If you do that, your webhook will receive a notification every single time someone pushes new commits to any branch in the repository.

For our current goal of "watching PR changes," we only need the "Pull requests" event. However, as you build more features for AlturaAI, you might want to add more events like:

Pushes: To get notifications about new code.

Issues: To get notified when a new issue is created or commented on.

Releases: To get notified when a new version of the software is released.

The setup is very flexible, but for now, just "Pull requests" is all we need to get the feature working.






not only that now i want to add mroe feature of psuh



Show thinking
Of course. I've updated the instructions in the Canvas to include the "Pushes" event for your webhook configuration.

I've updated the document to include instructions for adding the "Pushes" event to your webhook.





yup its showing tell me how to test it



Show thinking
Excellent! Seeing the "ping" event means GitHub can successfully communicate with your backend server.

Now you can test the actual events you subscribed to ("Pushes" and "Pull requests"). Here’s how:

How to Test the "Pull Request" Event
Go to your repository on GitHub.

Make a change:

Create a new branch.

Edit any file (like the README.md).

Commit the change to that new branch.

Open a Pull Request: Start a new pull request to merge your new branch into your main branch.

Check your server console: As soon as you create the pull request, look at the terminal window where your node server.js is running. You should see a new message like this:

--- GitHub Webhook Received ---
Event Type: pull_request
Action: opened
PR Title: [The title of your new PR]
URL: [The URL to your new PR]
-----------------------------
How to Test the "Push" Event
Go to your repository on GitHub.

Make another change: Edit any file directly on any branch.

Commit the change: Save the commit. This action is a "push".

Check your server console: You will see a new push event logged, with details about the commit you just made.

Seeing these messages in your server's console confirms that your webhook is fully functional.






yup its working .whats the next step



Show thinking
That's fantastic! Your backend is now receiving real-time updates from GitHub. This is the core of the "Watch GitHub PR changes" feature.

The next step is to make these notifications useful. Right now, they just appear in your server's console log and then disappear. We need to:

Save the Notifications: We'll update the webhook endpoint on your backend to save a summary of each notification (e.g., "New PR opened: [Title]") into your Firestore database.

Display the Notifications: We'll update your extension's UI to fetch and display a list of these saved notifications from Firestore.

This will create a persistent notification feed inside your extension.

Are you ready to start with Step 1 and update your backend to save these notifications to Firestore?






yes



Show thinking
Of course. Let's update your backend server to save the incoming GitHub notifications into your Firestore database.

This involves modifying the /api/github/webhook endpoint to parse the data from GitHub and create a new document in a notifications collection in Firestore.

I will now provide the updated code for your server.js file.
server-backend/server.js
17 Jul, 21:23

Open

What's New:
Firestore Integration: The /api/github/webhook endpoint is now an async function.

Event Parsing: It now checks if the event is a pull_request or a push and extracts the relevant information (like the title, action, user, and URL).

Saving Notifications: It creates a notification object with a structured message, a timestamp, and other useful data, and then saves it to a new notifications collection in your Firestore database using db.collection('notifications').add().

Your Next Step:
Replace the code in your server-backend/server.js file with the code above.

Restart your server (node server.js).

Now, when you perform a push or a pull request action on GitHub, your server will not only log it to the console but also create a new document in your Firestore database. You can test this by making a change in your repository and then checking your Firestore console.





give me the whole server.js file



Show thinking
Of course. Here is the complete, consolidated server.js file, including all the features we have built so far.
Complete server.js File
17 Jul, 21:26

This file now contains all the backend logic for your project, including all API routes and authentication flows.










Video

Deep Research


Gemini can make mistakes, so double-check it

Complete server.js File




12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728
// Import necessary packagesconst express = require('express');const cors = require('cors');require('dotenv').config();const { GoogleGenerativeAI } = require('@google/generative-ai');const { google } = require('googleapis');const admin = require('firebase-admin');const fetch = require('node-fetch');// --- Firebase Admin SDK Initialization ---const serviceAccount = require('./serviceAccountKey.json');admin.initializeApp({  credential: admin.credential.cert(serviceAccount)});const db = admin.firestore();// --- Basic Server Setup ---const app = express();app.use((req, res, next) => {  if (req.path === '/api/github/webhook') {    express.raw({ type: 'application/json' })(req, res, next);  } else {    express.json()(req, res, next);  }});app.use(cors());// --- Google AI & OAuth2 Setups ---

const firebaseConfig = {
  apiKey: "AIzaSyCKzR8anjdxGdBdmvwWIbK7Njp87XQbGF0",
  authDomain: "alturaai.firebaseapp.com",
  projectId: "alturaai",
  storageBucket: "alturaai.firebasestorage.app",
  messagingSenderId: "296537793338",
  appId: "1:296537793338:web:00814e384e648d4cc46603"
};